joining me from Philadelphia markless
Chevalier he is the director a great
title director of innovation and
environmental stewardship of American
water a leading supplier of tap water in
the united states and from DC joseph
dossiers president of international
bottled water association mr. Liu
Chevalier let me start is start with you
are we really talking about a regulatory
holiday that you believe the bottled
water gets well for drinking water we we
tell our customers the quality of the
water in fact American water we just
finished sending out over a 3.3 million
brochures to our customers to alert them
for the quality of their water and the
type of job that we do for them so you
know that's the responsibility that we
take seriously it but are you saying
that people shouldn't drink bottled
water no not at all I mean there there
are reasons for convenience there are
reasons where for for practicality that
that makes sense but the tap water is a
lot cheaper mr. das obviously you see
people walking the streets all the time
carrying bottled bottled water and I
think a lot of people do it out of
convenience they do it perhaps because
there's a fear of the purity of american
tap water the water supply in the United
States is consistently really really
good well absolutely let me just first
say that we don't see it as a bottled
water versus tap water issue I think
people whether they're drinking bottled
water tap water that's a good thing and
we do agree that consumers should have a
right to know what's in there bottled
water but you know on that point i've
looked at bottles all morning long and
that labeling is terribly inconsistent
some have the source some don't and you
know there have been real concerns that
some of the bottled water companies
frankly get it out of the tap purify it
and pretend like it's from some fancy
spring well the real question here is
how to communicate that information to
the consumer bottled water is very
different it's a food product it's very
different than tap water we believe that
the
it's appropriate way for consumers to
get that information is to contact the
company and there is contact information
on almost every bottled water
particularly a phone number if they call
the company and ask for information and
they don't get the information that they
want they should choose another bottle
water brand and that's an important
distinction here its consumer choice
consumers cannot choose which tap water
is piped into their homes and that's the
reason why the tap water systems are
required to provide consumer confidence
reports it's a different distribution
system they are not a food product but
mr. mr. le chevalier on that I dr.
Shelley Chevalier on that note do you
think there should be the same reporting
standards for tap water and for bottled
water course well certainly when
customers pay thousands of times more
for their bottle water than tap water
they have a right to know what what
they're buying and you know that that's
what the question is here do they get or
is it easy for them to get that
information alright dr. mark le
chevalier and Joseph das thanks for
being with us today the fascinating
subjects when Congress gets involved
thanks